So we learn that whenever we make this clone function right here we can take advantage of the fact that
whenever we call this a constructor bracket's symbol species it will return this particular class right
here whatever class we're in.
And so we use that to create a new instance of that class from within a class method or with an instance
method I should say so now to illustrate this to you and how easy it is to override it which can be
useful.
We're going to make a couple new classes we're going to do.
Class derived class one extends my class and then inside of here I'm going to leave this blank and then
I'm going to copy this and inside of here I'm actually going to override the symbol dot species right
here so MENADUE static get brackets symbol species like so don't forget your parentheses.
And inside of here I'm going to return my class like so.
And that's the original one that we defined up here.
So with that being said now that we have that next thing we'll do is we'll make a couple of instances.
So the Konst instance one equals new Derived class and will place in a value of 1.
Then we'll make a clone symbol to clone one equals instance one doc clone and we'll just pass in a value
of clone 1 and then we'll do another instance of we'll call instance two equals new Derived class to
2 and I need to change this name to two as well.
Then inside of here we'll just pass it into and we'll make a clone from that as well so would you clone
two equals instance to Doc clone and pass and clone to is the value like so now down here we're going
to run some checks so you canceled all logging and we're going to do this about three more times I'll
do one two three like so.
Then after that we can just run some checks so we'll do clone one instance.
And then after that the check will be instance of my class an instance of derived class 1.
Now we're going to do the same thing down here so we're going to do clone two instance of.
And then after that we'll do my class and after that we'll do derived class to do we save this you can
see we get.
True true true and then false.
So we'll start with clone one whenever we call the clone function right here.
You notice I didn't override symbol Dadds species.
So whenever this thing returns this dot constructor symbol that species it's going to return an instance
of the derived class right here because like I said before we're inheriting directly from my class so
this clone function is exactly the same inside of our class function right here.
And so it's going to return an instance of this class ok and an instance of this class is also technically
an instance of my class right here.
And so both of these will be true on the other hand with clone too.
I actually overrode the symbol Dudd species property right here to where it will only return my original
parent class my original base class appear.
So in that case what's going to happen is it's always going to be an instance of my class but it will
never be an instance of the derived class 2.
So it's very easy to override this functionality that we defined in our base class and make sure that
whenever we create an instance of a class inside of an instance method it is an instance of whatever
we need it to be or want it to be.